I paint my beloved faults, my dear ones.
also with you
come on, our second video of
biology of this project which is in enem
action and as I explained to you in
our last class of during that
The project then goes to work
some issues that have fallen on enem
I'll explain to you then which ones
the advice of biology that we will
to use in the process of
resolution of exercises and there the people
work a little bit again some
matters right
we are going to do a review based on
issues and we will use a
issue of the 2012 enem that I want
you do not even care
along with me, let's go there, he says here
people is a transgenic corn is produced
from the handling of corn
original with the transfer to this
a gene of interest taken from another
body of a species other than
characteristic of interest will be
manifested as a result then
will happen
and transgenics as we saw in the
Our Engineering Techniques Class
genetics are a soussan product in
agricultural products which are generated
from induced genetic mutations
then this transgenic process is
for example in the synthesis of
insulin is recombinant insulin
then this idea of ​​inducing a
genetic recombination is widely used
in various areas of am al
biotechnology in what we do when we
we are going to create a transgenic so the
people use a restriction enzyme that
an enzyme capable of cleaving the dna to
take a genius out of an organism and people
this genius inserts it into the genome of
other body what will happen this
organism that will receive the gene that
be the transgenic organism it goes
this recombinant DNA and transcribe the m
right recombinant messenger
then the recombinant messenger will
translated into the United States and
generate a ready
and recombination where this protein
the recombinant will then confer this
transgenic is a characteristic that it
had not previously will not do
with which this transgenic passes expression
a feature he could not
express why he did not have the gene
now he has the gene then this gene
new this recombinant gene will be
transcript will then be translated and
protein will give a novelty
metabolic process in this process then
Do you want to know what people are looking at?
over there
he wants to know if this
characteristic of interest will be
manifested as a result of what
I told you she's going to get
manifest as a result of the transcription
of recombinant DNA and after translation
from the recombinant messenger
then look at the alternative and here it says
What do you think of the translation of RN?
messenger synthesized from the dna
recombinant and then such alternative is
our right alternative right
So people, if you want, then give
one read in this exercise is in enem
any doubt you can look for the people of the
that of the vestibular enters there in our
site puts your question our forum
who will have a huge pleasure answering
for you it's right
We'll see you in the next video in the week
A hug comes and until then
just one more little message if you've come to
here is why you probably liked it
of my class so I wanted to ask for
You give a little strength to
People, if you come here, I'll be right there.
I left you the link to our page
on facebook and our twitter account
then like it our page follows the
people on twitter and if you enter
our site has a lot of content
Nice, we have text, we have people.
more videos
If you have any questions, we have
a very cool forum here gives you
take your doubts
So this force we share
with your friends that our work and
Let's make this project grow every
once more a grace